# What is here?
Here you can find some data structures that I wrote in C++ for fun. Some of them are ordinary and absolutely not interesting, but the others are really funny ;)
* **List** - Doubly linked list. Very popular container, nothing hard.
* **Debug List** - also doubly linked list, but if you try to do an incorrect operation with it, then an assert will be called. For example, when you delete an element from List, ALL the iterators that refer to the element are invalidated(of course you can't use invalidated iterators in operations with debug list). Also, if you try to use iterator from one debug list, for example, to erase element from another one you will receive an assert.
* **Bimap** - bidirectional map. Means that you have to-side-relation X <--> Y. Of course, we can write a simple wrapper with two std::map and implement such a structure, but this solution have one **big problem: memory is doubled**. That's why I write my own bimap with the optimal memory consumption.
* **LRU_CACHE** - it's an implementation of [lru cache](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cache_replacement_policies). A cache is a map that have limited maximum size. To not exceed the maximum size, when inserting a new element, we need to delete some old(saying, new elements displace the old ones). There are different strategies to do that. One of them is called LRU(list recently used) - the oldest element that was not used is expelled. A naive implementation of lru-cache might contain a binary search tree and a doubly linked list. To save memory these two structures are located in one node(the same idea is used in bimap, but there we have to binary tree in one node).
